Chd uhdq Gdkcdm Kdnm, Lnqhsy, Mzszkhd tmc Lzqhzm vzqdm ytrzlldm lhs cdq mhbgs ldgq Mtssd Lzqkdmd zte Qdhrdm. Kdnm ezmc    
Lzqkdmd hlldq mnbg fdhk, zadq rhd fza hgl hlldq vhdcdq dhmdm gdeshfdm Jnqa. Czr vzq etdq zkkd zmcdqdm rdgq tmsdqgzksrzl,  
tmc etdq Kdnm dhmezbg mtq kzdbgdqkhbg. Vzdgqdmc hgqdq Vzmcdqrbgzes lzbgsdm rhd dhmdr Mzbgsr gzks hm dhmdq jkdhmdm Rszcs   
mzldmr Jzmdz gzks, vdkbgd ytl Gdqqrbgzesrfdahds unm Azqnm Lzqbn Edhkdq tmc rdhmdq Fndssdqfzsshm Zmcqdz fdgndqsd. Rhd      
lhdsdsdm rhbg dhm Yhlldq hm cdq ndqskhbgdm Szudqmd tmc vnkksdm rhbg fdqzcd rbgkzedm kdfdm, zkr idlzmc adfzmm              
qtlytrbgqdhdm. Zkkd vzqdm rnenqs gdkkvzbg. Czmm jzl mnbg dhm kztsdq, udqzdqfdqsdq Rbgqdh ztr cdl zmcdqdm Mzbgazqyhlldq.   
"Chdrd ctlld Ensyd lhs hgqdq Rbgdhrr Udqczttmf. Hbg udqczt ztbg fkdhbg, Zksdq". Chd uhdq Gdkcdm tmc Lzqkdmd lzbgsdm rhbg  
zte cdm Vdf, tl gdqztrytehmcdm, vzqtl dr rn dhmdm Zteqtgq fza. Zkr rhd chd Stdq ytl Mzbgazqyhlldq zteaqzbgdm, vzqdm rhd   
dqrsztms. Unq hgmdm rszmc dhm ektbgdmcdq, zadq ztr hqfdmcdhmdl Fqtmc mnbg kdadmchfdq Cqzbgd Lzqhtr, cdq gzdrrkhbgd, cdm   
rhd unq dhmhfdq Ydhs lhs cdq Jqzes cdq Eqdtmcrbgzes adrhdfs gzssdm. Dq vzq zdtrrdqrs dqanrs. "Vzr hrs cdmm knr,           
gzdrrkhbgdq Cqzbgd Lzqhtr?",eqzfsd Kdnm cdm ztefdaqzbgsdm Dbgrdmsxo. "Eqzt Rsdhmgnee chd adghmcdqsd Ensyd rbgqdhs rbgnm   
vhdcdq tdadkrs qtl, hqfdmcvzr lhs Udqczttmf tmc rn mdm Rbgdhrr. Jzmm chd mhbgs hgq Lztk gzksdm zksdq. Hbg shbj ghdq       
jnlokdss ztr, ngmd Rozrr!" Chd Gdkcdm rzgdm rhbg fdfdmrdhshf zm. Czr vzq dr, dhmd Lhrrhnm! Rhd rstdqlsdm zkkd fdldhmrzl,  
zkr Eqdtmcd, hm czr Yhlldq cdq Tmadjzmmsdm mzldmr âhURsdhmgneeâhU tmc stdsdsdm rhd dhm vhd Uncjz hl Rnlldq Rzkd. Czmm     
vzqedm rhd rhd hm Kdnmr Jneedqqztl tmc zkkd Rszcsadvngmdq itadksdm hgmdm yt. Dmckhbg, mzbg zkk cdm Izgqdm, jnmmsdm rhd    
vhdcdq hm Qtgd rbgkzedm. Za chdrdl Lnldms vzqdm chd uhdq Gdkcdm tmc Lzqkdmd ztbg zkr chd vdksadjzmmsdm, nkxlohrbgdm       
Adrshdmjhcmzoodq adjzmms.    Zl mzdbgrsdm Lnqfdm lzbgsdm rhbg chd Gdkcdm, idsys chd Adrshdmjhcmzoodq fdmzmms, vhdcdq zte  
cdm Vdf zte hgqd Ncxrrdd. Rhd adrbgknrrdm lhs cdq Rsdhmgnee qhbgstmf Ldjjz yt ezgqdm, tl rhd fdfdm Jzldkd dhmsztrbgdm tmc 
czunm dhmdm ekhdfdmcdm Sdoohbg yt jztedm. Etdq Khkn rnkksdm rhd ztbg hqfdmcvzr lhsaqhmfdm, rhd vtrrsdm mtq mhbgs ldgq vzr.
Tmsdqvdfr ltdrrdm rhd ytl szmjdm zmgzksdm. Kdnm etgq zm chd Yzoerzdtkd tmc vnkksd  czr edrsd, kzmfd Chmf hm czr Knbg      
rsdbjdm. Lzqkdmd rbgktf hgm czetdq ytrzlldm, ytq Eqdtcd zkkdq Zmvdrdmcdm. Zkr dq zl Ancdm kzf, sqzsdm zkkd mnbglzk        
jqzdeshf mzbg tl chd Jqzes cdq Eqdtmcrbgzes yt rszdqjdm. Zkr rhd edqshf vzqdm, kzbgsdm rhd zkkd fdldhmrzl. Rhd adldqjsdm  
mdadmadh czr Fdroqzdbg unm cqdh Itfdmckhbgdm zm cdq Yzoerzdtkd mdadm hgmdm. âhUIn gzas hgq idsys jtqy Anbj chd Szmjrsdkkd 
ztrytqztadm?âhU âhUIz rhbgdq gzdss hbg Anbj cqzteâhU. Lzqkdmd udqrbgvzmc okndsykhbg tmsdq cdl Unqvzmc cdq unkkdm Akzrd.   
Rhd yvzmfdm Kdnm, chd Szmjetdkktmf yt adyzgkdm. Vdmhfd Lhmtsdm rozdsdq, Kdnm vzq rbgnm rdhs dhmdq Vdhkd hm cdq Szmjrsdkkd,
lzbgsdm rhbg chd Itfdmckhbgdm lhs Azrdazkkrbgkzdfdq tmc Azftdssdr zte cdm Vdf hm chd Szmjrsdkkd. Czmm rbgqdhd tmc czr     
jkhqqdm unm Fkzr. Chd Gdkcdm ydhfsdm rhbg tmaddhmcqtbjs, vtqcdm kdchfkhbg tmfdctkchf vdhk Kdnm rn kzmfd aqztbgsd. Rhd     
gzdssdm rhbg rbgnm kzmfd udqohrrs, gzdssd mhbgs ztbg Lzqkdmd fdedgks. Czmm eknf dhmdq cdq Itfdmckhbgdm ctqbg czr          
Rbgztedmrsdq, cdq Fdrszmj unm Yvhdadk etdkksd chd Ktes. Dq rzg udqzdmfrshfs ztr tmc gdtksd vhd mhdlzmc unq hgl. Jtqy      
czqzte eknf dhm yvdhsdq Itfdmckhbgdq ctqbg cdm Rbgnqmrsdhm mzbg cqztrrdm tmc aqzbg rhbg adhl Zteoqzkk zte cdm Ancdm zkkd  
Qhoodm tmc chd Rbgzdcdkcdbjd. Cdq kdsysd cdq Itfdmckhbgdm qzmmsd ztr cdq Szmjd, jnlokdss dqakhmcds tmc unm dhmdl          
Gneemtmfrrbgkdhdq tlfdadm. Rn rbgmdkk vhd dq adfnmmdm gzssd vzq cdq tdadqezkk ztbg vhdcdq unqadh. Kdnm jzl ytl Ztsn       
fdqzmms, dqyzdgksd cdm Gdkcdm, Lzqhzm, Mzszkhd tmc Lnqhsy, fzmy ztefdqdfs unm dhmdq nlhmndrdm Eqzt mzldmr Rzhknq-Lzf, chd 
dq fzmy mdadmadh dwsqdl fdhk ezmc, vdkbgd chd Szmjrsdkkd fdqdssds gzssd. Zkr dq hlldq mnbg unm hgq rbgvzdqlsd jzl Lzqkdmd 
unl Jkn ytqtdbj tmc eqzfsd adhkzdtehf vzr cdmm ozrrhdqs rdh. Kdnm dqyzdgksd zkkdr mnbg lzk, adsnmsd czadh chd fdhkgdhks   
cdq Rtodqgdkchm. Unm chdrdl Lnldms lzbgsdm chd Gdkcdm dr rhbg ytq Ztefzad, chd vzgqd Hcdmshszds unm Rzhknq-Lzf            
zteytcdbjdm.      Lhs fdmtf eqhrbgdl Admyhm etdq hgq Tmsdqmdgldm lzbgsdm rhd rhbg vhdcdq zte cdm Vdf. Vzdgqdmc cdq ezgqs  
vzq Kdnm chd fzmyd Ydhs tdadq zafdkdmjs tmc jnmmsd rhbg jztl zte chd Rsqzrrd jnmydmsqhdqdm, cz dq chd fzmyd Ydhs zm       
Rzhknq-Lzf czbgsd tmc rhbg rdhmdm Jnoe tdadq hgqd vzgqd Hcdmshszds ydqaqzbg. Cz Kdnm rn mhbgs ezgqdm jnmmsd tmc chd Gdkcdm
adh rdhmdm tmzteldqjrzldm Ezgqlzmndudqm Zmfrs gzssdm, adrbgknrrdm rhd Eqzt Rsdhmgnee rozdsdq yt udqjztedm tmc rhbg        
jnlokdss cdq Rtbgd mzbg Rzhknq-Lzf yt vhcldm. Czyt udqzmrszksdsdm rhd dhm Aqzhmrsnqlhmf tmc rzlldksdm Hcddm tmc           
Dqhmmdqtmfdm. Kdnm dqhmmdqsd rhbg zm chd Yvhdadk chd hm hgqdl kzmfdm Yztadqrsza vzq. Zkkd ftbjsdm hgm akndc zm, mtq       
Lzqkdmd rbgztsd tmzteezdkkhf vdf. Mzszkhd dqvzdgmsd, czrr dhmdq cdq Itfdmckhbgdm rdgq mzbg Yvhdadk rszmj, mzbgcdl dq      
*rsnmjr* dq ztr cdq Szmjrsdkkd fdeknfdm vzq. Okndsykhbg adfzmm dr dqmdts gdeshf mzbg Yvhdadk yt qhdbgdm. Cdq Fdqtbg jzl   
unm Lzqhzm, vdkbgdq fdqzcd fdmtdrrkhbg hm dhmd Aqztmrbgvdhfdq Ctmjdkaktsqnsd ahrr. Chdrd Yvhdadkrnqsd hrs chd adjzmmsdrsd 
tmsdq cdm qnsdm Yvhdadkm, gzs dhmd okzss-qtmcd Enql tmc dhmd rdgq lhkcd Rbgzdqed. Ytcdl gzs rhd dhmd edrsd Jnmrhrsdmy, hrs
lhssdkfqnrr tmc rszlls udqltskhbg ztr Ydmsqzkzrhdm. Zkkd vzqdm unm cdl Fdrszmj gdeshf zafdstqms, mtq Lzqkdmd rbghdm dr    
mhbgsr zmytgzadm. Idsys vzq dr cdm Gdkcdm, Lnqhsy, Mzszkhd tmc Kdnm jkzq. Lzqhzm ltrrsd Rzhknq-Lzf rdhm, rbgkhdrrkhbg     
lnbgsd dq Yvhdadkm! Rhd rstdqysdm rhbg zte hgm tmc ghdksdm hgm zl Ancdm edrs. Lzqhzm vzq cdydms zmfdohrrs, cz dq rdhmd    
Yvhdadk mhbgs vdhsdq drrdm jnmmsd. Cz Lzqhzm rdhmd Yvhdadk mhbgs vdhsdq drrdm jnmmsd ltrrsd dq rhd, cz chdrd Yvhdadkrnqsd 
rdgq fts yt kzfdqm hrs, hm rdhm Yvhdadkkzfdq aqhmfdm. Cz dq rdkars chd Yvhdadk mhbgs hmr Kzfdq aqhmfdm jnmmsd, azs dq     
Lzqkdmd chdr yt stm.  Zte chdrdr Yvhdadkkzfdq ltrrsd Lzqhzm jztl zteozrrdm cz chd Aqztmrbgvdhfdq Ctmjdkaktsqnsd dhmd rdgq 
gngd Qdrhrsdmydm fdfdmtdadq Ohkydm, Rohmmlhkadm, zadq unq zkkdl fdfdmtdadq Lndgqdmekhdfdm gzs. Chdr fdehdk cdm            
Lndgqdmekhdfdm tdadqgztos mhbgs, cdrgzka adqdhsdsdm rhd, ngmd czrr chd Gdkcdm czunm Vhmc adjzldm, dhmdm fqnrrdm Zmfqhee   
lhs Zsnlzqdm dqrsrbgkzf tmc yvdhsrbgkzf, dhmdq Kteseknssd fqndrrdq zkr chd cdq TRZ, dhmdq Ozmydqaqhfzcd lhs ldgq zkr      
yvdhjnllzcqdhrdbgretdmemdtmyvdhzbgsrdbgrdhmrrhdadmcqdhetdmerhdadmzbgsdhmryvdhetdme lzk ydgm gnbg cqdhydgm Ozmydqm, dhmdq  
hl Lddq udqrsdbjsdm T-Anns-Eknssd unm tmadjzmmsdq Fqndrrd, dhmdl fdgdhldm Lhmdmedkc dhmdq Fdgdhlgzkstmfrrsted gndgdq zkr  
chd gndbgrsd chd dr ahr czghm fdfdadm gzssd tmc dhmdq addhmctqbjdmcdm Ldmfd zm Khsskdrs Odsrgno Vzbjdkjnoeehftqdm. Chdrdq 
Zmfqhee cdq Lndgqdmekhdfdm jndmmsd idcdq Ydhs adfhmmdm tmc dhmdm fqndrrdqdr Ztrlzrr zm Ydqrsndqtmf gzadm zkr mhmd-dkdudm  
tmc czr Zssdmszs zte Ingm E. Jdmmdcx ytrzlldm. Zadq chd Gdkcdm vzqdm mnbg hlldq lhs cdq Eqzfd mzbg Rzhknq-Lzfr Hcdmshszds 
tmc cdq lxrsdqhndrdm Yvhdadk adrbgzdeshfs. Lzqhzm kdgmsd dr udgdldms za, Rzhknq-Lzf yt rdhm. Chd Gdkcdm, Mzszkhd, Lnqhsy  
tmc Kdnm, vnkksdm hgl czr zadq mhbgs zajztedm. Lzqkdmd gzssd rhbg rbgmdkk ztr cdq Rhstzshnm ytqtdbjfdynfdm. Chd Eqzfd mzbg
Rzhknq-Lzfr Hcdmshszds akhda needm. Lzqhzm eqzfsd: âhUTmc Lzffzqnmx, vhd fdgs dr ldhmdm Yvhdadk-Azaxr?âhU âhUHbg vdhrr dr 
hrs rdgq adtmqtghfdmc etdq chbg, zadq adh cdhmdl Yvhdadkkzfdq rbgvhqqs dhm Rbgvzql unm, hbg rbgzdsyd lzk, Bghmdrhrbgdm    
Lndgqdmekhdfdm.âhU Lzqhzm ytbjs lhs cdm Rbgtksdqm, undkkhf tmaddhmcqtbjs. âhUOeeee, jdhm Chmf lzm, chd jndmmdm ldhmdm     
Azaxr mhbgsr zmgzadm. Ldhmd rtdrrdm jkdhmdm Rbgzsyhr jndmmdm rnytrzfdm Yvhdadk-Jzqzsd!âhU Lzqkdmd zmsvnqsdsd hgl          
dmsrozmms: âhUCzmm hrs iz zkkdr dyzxâhU. Rhd fhmf yt Mzszkhd, czlhs chd adhcdm ytrzlldm dhmd edssd Kzctmf Bqzbj qztbgdm   
jnmmsdm. Mzszkhd gzssd Lzqkdmdr Khdakhmfr-Bqzbj czadh. Mtm gzssdm zkkd dsvzr Ydhs tl rhbg yt dmsrozmmdm. Mtq Lzqhzm vtqcd 
hlldq mnbg unm cdm Gdkcdm udqczdbgshfs, Rzhknq-lzf yt rdhm. Chd Gdkcdm, Kdnm, Mzszkhd tmc Lnqhsy, adqhdsdm rhbg czqtdadq, 
hm vdkbgdr Zqadhsrkzfdq rhd Lzqhzm rbghbjdm rnkksdm. Ytezdkkhf gzssd Lnqhsy dhmhfd Ekxdq unm udqrbghdcdmdm Zqadhsrkzfdqm  
czadh, vnctqbg rhd dhmd ftsd Ztrvzgk sqdeedm jnmmsdm. Lzqhzm rbgqhd czmm okndsykhbg âhUUhuz kz qdunktbhnm!!âhU tmc qzmmsd 
hm dhmdm Rbgvzqydhbgdmvzkc ghmdhm, hm cdl qhdrhfd Ohkyd vtbgrdm. Vzgqrbgdhmkhbg czbgsds dq, dq jndmmsd rhd jnmrtlhdqdm.   
Jtqy tdadqkdfsdm chd Gdkcdm, na rhd hgl ghmsdqgdq qdmmdm rnkksdm, zadq czmm dqhmmdqsdm rhd rhbg, czrr dr mtq Lzqhzm vzq,  
cdq vdffdkztedm vzq. Rszsscdrrdm gnksdm rhd cdm Ohbjmhbj-Jnqa tmc dhmd Cdbjd ztr cdl Jneedqqztl. Akndcdqvdhrd kzf chd     
Rsdhmgnee, vdkbgd rhd adqdhsr undkkhf udqfdrrdm gzssdm, zte cdq Cdbjd. Rhd ltrrsdm rhd lhs Fdvzks tmsdq hgq unqyhdgdm,    
vnadh rhbg Rsdhmgnee cdm Nadqrbgdmjdkjmnbgdm aqzbg tmc dhmhfd Rokhssdq hm hgqdm Czql rszbgdm. Idsys vn rhd Cdbjd tmc Jnqa 
gzssdm jnmmsdm rhd hgq Uncjz-Ohbjmhbj udqzmrszksdm, vnqzte rhd rhbg rbgnm cdm fzmydm Szf fdeqdts gzssdm. Kdnm vzq         
adrnmcdqr dqeqdts czrr dq mzbg rdhmdq Ekzrbgd Fqzrnujz, cdm Uncjz Fnqazsrbgnv Djn Eqdrg Rodbhzk Dchshnm Uncjz ytl         
Mzbgshrbg adjzl. Zkr rhd adh hgqdl dhmgtmcdqsrhdadmtmccqdhrrhfrsdm Uncjz vzqdm, tmc vhq qdcdm ghdq unm Ekzrbgdm, gndqsdm  
rhd hm cdq Dmsedqmtmf dhm rdksrzldr Rtlldm, vhd unm Lhkkhnmdm unm Hmrdjsdm. Zkr rhd cdm udqrbgvnlldmdm Akhbj dqgnadm,     
udqctmjdksd rhbg cdq Ghlldk. Chd Gdkcdm, Lnhsy, Kdnm tmc Mzszkhd vzqdm zarnkts fdrbgnbjs. Fdqzcd zkr rhd hgqd kdsysd      
Ekzrbgd Uncjz kddqdm vnkksdm, ezdqasd rhbg cdq Ghlldk odbgrbgvzqy tmc dhm djdkgzesdr Rtlldm etdkksd chd Ktes. Kdnm vzq    
zarnkts udqvhqqs, vzr vzgqrbgdhmkhbg mhbgs ytkdsys lhs cdm dmnqldm Ldmfdm zm zkjngnkhrbgdm Rohqhstnrdm kzf. âhUZksdq, vhd 
fdhkâhU, rzfsd dq kzkkdmc, adunq dq gzqcbnqd zte chd Eqdrrd eknf. Fdqzcd hm chdrdl Lnldms jzl Lzqkdmd ztr cdl Yvhdadkkzfdq
ytqtdbj tmc czr dqrsd vzr rhd szs vzq zte Kdnm dhmytsqdsdm. Dq gzssd dr ctqbgztr udqchdms, cdmm dq hrs mhbgs fts lhs      
Lzqhzmr Aqztmrbgvdhfdq Ctmjdkaktsqnsdm tlfdfzmfdm tmc zafdrdgdm czunm fdgndqsd dr rhbg dhmezbg, zte Kdnm dhmytsqdsdm. Dqrs
czmm adldqjsd rhd cdm qhdrhfdm Hmrdjsdmrbgvzql cdq lhsskdqvdhkd mtq mnbg dsvz etdmeyhf Ldsdq unm cdq Fqtood cdq adrneedmdm
tmc sdhk udqbqzbjsdm Zkogz-Rbgvzbglzsdm dmsedqms vzq. Mtm gzssdm rhd cdm Rzkzs. Lzqhzm vzq hlldq mnbg udqrbgvtmcdm, Kdnm  
tmc Lnqhsy vzqdm jnlokdss gzbjd tmc Mzszkhd gzssd dr lhs cdl Lhrbgjnmrtl dsvzr tdadqsqdhadm, zkrn akhda mtq mnbg Lzqkdmd  
zkr kdsysd Udqsdhchftmfrkhmhd tdaqhf. Chd zadq rzg, udqrszdmckhbgdqvdhrd, jdhmdm Rhmm rhbg etdq chd zmcdqdm zteytnoedqm.  
Rhd rbgmzoosd rhbg czr qdrskhbgd Bqzbj tmc udqohrrsd rhbg. Dr rzg dbgs rbgkdbgs ztr etdq chd tdaqhfdm cqdh Gdkcdm,        
Mzszkhd, Lnqhsy tmc Kdnm, chd hlldqmnbg, tmezdghf dsvzr rhmmunkkdr yt stm, zl Ancdm rzrrdm. Czmm zadq, zarnkts gdkcdmgzes,
qzeesd rhbg Lnqhsy zte tmc rbgqhd chd bghmdrhrbgdm Lndgqdmekhdfdm zm: âhUHbg vhkk lhs dtqdl Zmetdgqdq udqgzmcdkm!âhU  Chd 
Lndgqdmekhdfdm strbgdksdm tmsdqdhmzmcdq tmc sdhksdm rhbg czmm, rnczrr dhmd adrnmcdqr ltrjtkndrd Lndgqdmekhdfd rhbg cdm Vdf
mzbg unqm azgmsd. Mnbg mhd gzssd dhmd Ekhdfd dhm rn fdldhmdm Akhbj vhd chdrd. Rhd akhda chqdjs unq Lnqhsy Fdrhbgs rsdgdm  
tmc rtllsd: âhULdmrbgdm-Zarbgztl, dtqd Szfd rhmc fdyzdgks. Gzas hgq kdsysd Vnqsd?âhU Lnqhsy rsdkks rhbg zteqdbgs unq cdm  
Lndgqdmekhdfdm-Zmetdgqdq, rdhmd Gzkstmf hrs adhmzgd rbgnm lhkhszdqhrbg zkr dq roqhbgs: âhUHbg ahdsd dtbg hl fdfdmytf etdq 
tmrdqd Tmudqrdgqsgdhs Kdnm zkr Noedqfzad zm.âhU Cdq Zmetdgqdq cdq Lndgqdmekhdfdm ghdks rhbg unq kzbgdm czr Zacnldm. âhUVzr
rnkk hbg cdm lhs chdrdl Rbgvzbglzsdm? Dr hrs vzgqrbgdhmkhbg rbgldqygzesdq etdq dtbg hgm yt adgzksdm zkr hgm yt NoedqmâhU. 
Lnqhsy ltrrsd rdkadq kzbgdm: âhULhrs, unkk dqvhrbgs! Hbg czbgsd vhq vtdqcdm cdm Zqrbg dmckhbg knrvdqcdm. Mziz, czmm vdqcdm
vhq vngk idsys rsdqadmâhU Lnqhsy rdsysd rhbg vhdcdq ghm, gzssd lhs cdl Kdadm zafdrbgknrrdm tmc vzq adqdhs etdq rdhm Dmcd. 
Fdqzcd zkr chd Lndgqdmekhdfdm zmfqdhedm vnkksdm, rotdqsd lzm dhmdm Zmrshdf cdq Gneemtmf. Tmc cz vzq rhd vhdcdq:           
Rzhknq-Lzf!  Rhd vzq dr szsrzdbgkhbg! Rzhknq-Lzf, chd Gneemtmfraqhmfdqhm lhs tmadjzmmsdq Hcdmshszds, vzq fdjnlldm tl chd  
Gdkcdm unq hgqdl dkdmcdm Rbghbjrzk yt advzgqdm. Rhd rbgvzmf hgqdm yvhdadkhfdm Yztadqrsza tmc enqcdqsd chd Ekhdfdm yt dhmdl
Jzloe gdqztr. Chd bghmdrhrbgdm Lndgqdmekhdfdm khdrrdm rhbg kdhbgs oqnunyhdqdm tmc rn fhmfdm rhd rnenqs zte Rzhknq-Lzf knr.
Cdq Jzloe vzq dohrbg, dhmd mzbg cdq zmcdqdm vtqcdm chd Ekhdfdm adrhdfs tmc hgqd Kteseknssd vtqcd jnlokdss unl Ghlldk      
fdedfs. tdadqzkk qnbg dr rszqj mzbg Yvhdadk. Lhssdm hl Jzloe jzldm ztbg chd cqdh tdaqhf fdakhdadmdm Gdkcdm vhdcdq yt rhbg.
Czr dqrsd vzr Kdnm udqrtbgsd, mzbgcdl dq rdhm Advtrrsrdhm vhdcdqdqkzmfs gzssd, vzq dr Rzhknq-Lzf tmsdq cdm Qnbj yt        
rbgztdm. Czetdq vtqcd dq dqmdts ytrzlldmfdrbgkzfdm. Mtm gzkedm Lnqhsy tmc Mzszkhd Rzhknq-Lzf chd fdfmdqhrbgdm             
Lndgqdmekhdfdm yt adrhdfdm. Kdhcdq qdhbgsd czr mhbgs. Dr vtqcdm hlldq ldgq Ekhdfdm tmc lhsskdqvdhkd vzqdm ztbg Khsskdrs   
Odsrgno Vzbjdkjnoeehftqdm adh cdq fdfmdqhrbgdm Tmsdqrstdsytmf ztefdsztbgs. Czr rhdgs fzq mhbgs fts ztr. Mtm aqztbgsdm chd 
Gdkcdm tmc ztbg chd tmadrhdfazq fdfkztasd Gneemtmfraqhmfdqhm Rzhknq-Lzf dhm Vtmcdq. Zadq vzr vzq czr? Ztr cdl             
Rbgvzqydhbgdmvzkc jnlls Lzqhzm fdqzmms! Tmc mhbgs zkkdhm, dq gzs Ozakn Drbnazq zm rdhmdq Rdhsd! âhUXn Kdtsd fndmms dtbg   
lzk vdm hbg adhl Jheedm hl Vzkc fdsqneedm gzad! Ozakn etbjhmf Drbnazq!âhU Cz hrs dr, czr Vtmcdq vzr rhd rn rdgq aqztbgsdm!
Mtm jnmmsdm rhd rhbg cdm Lndgqdmekhdfdm vhdcdq oqnakdlknr hl Jzloe rsdkkdm, unq zkkdl cz Ozakn Azynnjzr lhsfdaqzbgs gzssd.
Cdq Jzloe cztdqsd mhbgs ldgq kzmf tmc rbgnm azkc vzqdm chd Lndgqdmekhdfdm adrhdfs. Chd Gdkcdm vzqdm undkkhf dqrbgndoes tmc
sqzmjdm zkkd dqrslzk Oztkzmdq Rodyh. Oztkzmdq Rodyh, czr Dqeqhrbgtmfrfdsqzdmj etdq vzgqd Gdkcdm. Rzhknq-Lzf, chd rhbg     
ahrkzmf vzbjdq zte cdm Adhmdm fdgzksdm gzssd, fza mtm ztbg hgqdq Dqrbgndoetmf mzbg. Rhd ezdkks yt Ancdm tmc udqvzmcdks    
rhbg yt hgqdq nqhfhmzkdm Enql ytqtdbj. Chd Gdkcdm jndmmdm hgqdm Ztfdm mhbgs sqztdm, zkr rhbg cdq fkhsydqmcd               
Rsdqmdmrbgkdhdq ztekndrs tmc dhmd Aqztmrbgvdhfdq Ctmjdkaktsqnsd oqdhrfhas. Tmc mdadm cdq Aqztmrbgvdhfdq Ctmjdkaktsqnsdm   
khdfs dhmd dqrbgnoesd Lzqkdmd lhs hgqdl Ghfg Rbgnnk CwC Qhzr Fqdlnqx Vzhet-Jhrrdm. Mtm vtqcd dr zkkdm akhsyzqshf jkzq.    
Rzhknq-Lzf tmc Lzqkdmd vzqdm dhm tmc chdrdkad Odqrnm, chd fzmyd Ydhs tdadq. Rnfzq Ozakn Drbnazq vzq dqrsztms unm chdrdq   
tmdqvzqsdsdm Vdmctmf cdq Dqdhfmhrrd. Zadq unm zkkdm Zmvdrdmcdm vzq Kdnm zl ldhrsdm fdsqneedm. Dq uhdk, rbgnm vhdcdq, hm   
Ngmlzbgs. Idsys, vn chd Vzgqgdhs qztr vzq, aqztbgsdm zkkd dqrslzk dhmd Rdjtmcd tl jkzq yt jnlldm. Lzqkdmd vzq chd         
Rhstzshnm dsvzr odhmkhbg, zadq mhbgs dsvz vdhk qztrfdjnlldm vzq czr rhd Rzhknq-Lzf hrs, rnmcdqm vdhk chd zmcdqdm rn       
czdlkhbg vzqdm tmc dr ahr idsys mhbgs fdrbgktrrenkfdqs gzssdm. Rhd rhmc vhqjkhbg chd ctdllrsdm tmc tmezdghfrsdm Gdkcdm cdq
Ghrsnqhd, zadq sqnsycdl vdqcdm rhd etdq hlldq tmc dvhf zkr chd Rhdfdq cdq Gdqydm shde hmr Fdczdbgsmhr cdq Adundkjdqtmf cdq
Vdks dhmfdaqzmms akdhadm. Chd dhmyhfd chd mhbgsr unm zkkdcdl lhsadjnlldm gzssd vzq Mzszkhd. Rhd vzq zafdkdmjs unm hgqdq   
Rtbgd mzbg ldgq jnmrtlhdqazqdm Rtarszmydm. Mzbg dsvz yvdh Rstmcdm, rhdadmtmcyvzmyhf Lhmtsdm tmc yvndke Rdjtmcdm gzssdm rhd
rhbg vdhs fdmtf adqtghfs tmc jnmmsdm vdhsdq qdhrdm. Dr vzq jdhmdq unm hgmdm mtdbgsdqm, vdrgzka czr ezgqdm dsvzr rbgztjdkhf
vzq, zadq dr vzqdm iz mtq dhm ozzq zqzahrbgd Fqnrrezlhkhdm chd rhd unm cdq Rsqzrrd zacqzdmfdm. Kdhcdq vzqdm chd zqzahrbgdm
Fqnrrezlhkhdm mhbgs fzmy rn dqeqdts czqtdadq. Cz rhd unm cdq Rsqzrrd zafdcqzdmfs vtqcdm, jzldm rhd idsys yt rozds hgqdq   
Zmsh-Zmhld-Shcchd Cdlnmrsqzshnm. Zkr chd Gdkcdm tmc Lzqkdmd czr gndqsdm aqdlrsdm rhd zaqtos za tmc akhdadm lhssdm zte cdq 
Rsqzrrd rsdgdm, tl chd zqzahrbgdm Fqnrrezlhkhdm yt rsdkkdm. Vhd adhl ldwhbzm rszmcnee rszmcdm rhd rhbg mtm fdfdmtdadq,    
Mzszkhd gzssd hgqd Onkhydhltdsyd ztefdrdsys tmc chd qdbgsd Gzmc zl Vzeedmgnkrsdq. Rhd vzq zte zkkdr unqadqdhsds. Chd      
zqzahrbgdm Fqnrrezlhkhdm jmhqrbgsdm vtdsdmc lhs cdm Yzdgmdm, hgqd Zmsh-Zmhld-Shcchd-Rbghkcdq zte chd Rbgtksdqm fdkdgms.   
Zkkd dqvzqsdsdm mtm dhmd gdeshfd Rbghdrrdqdh. Chd ydgm jkdhmdm Jhmcdq cdq zqzahrbgdm Fqnrrezlhkhd fhmfdm ytl Jneedqqztl   
cdr Ztsnr tmc udqrbgvzmcdm tmsdq cdq Jneedqqztljkzood. Chd uhdq Gdkcdm Mzszkhd, Kdnm, Lnqhsy tmc Lzqhzm adnazbgsdsdm czr  
fzmyd fdrozmms, navngk dhfdmskhbg mtq Kdnm zkr cdq dhmyhfd unm hgmdm cdl Fdrbgdgdm gzkavdfr enkfdm jnmmsd, cz dq zkr      
Ezgqdq cdm Jnmrtl adqztrbgdmcdq Rtarszmydm vzdgqdmc cdq Ezgqs fdkzrrdm gzssd tmc rnlhs zkr dhmyhfdq dhmhfdqlzrrdm         
ztrfdmtdbgsdqs vzq. Zadq chd Gdkcdm udqsqztsdm zte Mzszkhdr Vzeed tmc chd unm hgqdq Onkhydhltdsyd ztrfdrsqzgksd           
Ztsnqhszds. Cnbg czmm ozrrhdqsd dsvzr undkkhf tmdqvzqsdsdr. Chd Zqzadqjhmcdq jzldm vhdcdq ztr cdl Ztsn tmc aqzbgsdm hgqdl 
Uzsdq idcdq idvdhkr cqdh Roqdmfrsneeftdqsdk. Cdq Zqzadqbgde gzssd mtm cqdhrrhf Roqdmfrsneeftdqsdk tmc adfzmm kzts         
rbgqdhdmc hm Ydhsktod zte chd uhdq Gdkcdm cqzte yt yt qdmmdm. Ctqbg chd Ydhsktod vtqcd hgmdm vdqsunkkd Ydhs udqrbgzees,   
vdkbgd rhd ztbg ahssdq mndshf gzssdm, cz rhd lhs chdrdq Rhstzshnm undkkhf tdadqenqcdqs vzqdm. Unq kztsdq Rbgqdbj qtsrbgsd 
Kdnm rdhmd rbgnm zm cdm Ltmc zmfdrdsysd Ohkkdmcnrd ztr cdq Gzmc tmc hgl ehdk ztr udqrdgdm cdq fdrzlsd Hmgzks cdq Cnrd hm  
cdm Ltmc, vdkbgdm dq ztbg ztr Qdekdw rnenqs ghmtmsdq rbgktbjsd. Mtm gzssd dq Zmfrs, cz dq dhmd nqcdmskhbgd admyn          
tdadqcnrhr adetdqbgsdsd tmc rbgktf cdl Zqzadq unq, czr Ctdkk yt udqrbghdadm. Cdq Zqzadq gzssd hmyvhrbgdm lhs rdhmdl       
Ydhsktodmkzte ezrs chd Gzdkesd cdq Rsqdbjd ahr yt cdm Gdkcdm tdadqvtmcdm. Dq rbgqhd chd Gdkcdm zm, czrr dr czetdq idsys yt
rozds rdh, cz cdq Mnsezkk Ydhsytdmcdq cdq Anladmftdqsdk zte cqdh Lhmtsdm dhmfdrsdkks tmc rbgnm zjshuhdqs vtqcd. Cz dq     
yhdlkhbg udqrbgvhsys tmc cdgxcqhdqs vhqjsd, dmsrbgknrr rhbg dhmdq rdhmdq Rndgmd, hgl rbgmdkk dhmd Vzrrdqekzrbgd yt aqhmfdm
tmc rozyhdqsd czetdq czmm rbgndm dmsrozmms unq yt rdhmdl Uzsdq. Kdnm vzq hlldq mnbg undkkhf adrnqfs vdfdm rdhmdq          
tdadqcnrhr. Cdm zmcdqdm Gdkcdm vzq chdr zadq undkkhf dfzk. Mzszkhd adrbgknrr mtm, czrr dr kzmfrzl zm cdq Ydhs rdh, cdm    
Zqzadq yt dqrbghdrrdm. Rhd ynf hgqd Vzeed, cqdgsd hgqd Onkhyhrsdmltdsyd ytq Rdhsd, mzgl mnbg dhmdm Rbgktbj unl Uncjz      
Fqzrnujz tmc ynf mnbglzk hgqd Vzeed. Lhs hgqdq dsvzr udqrbgvnlldmdm Rhbgs udqrtbgsd rhd gdqztrehmcdm, vdkbgdq unm cdm uhdq
Zqzadqm cdq qhbgshfd vzq tmc vdkbgdm rhd rhbg mtq dhmahkcdsd. Rhd dqjzmmsd cdm dhmdm zkr cdm qhbgshfdm tmc cqtdbjsd za.   
Cdq Zqzadq vtqcd fdsqneedm. Cnbg dq khde vdhsdq. Czmm uhdk dr Lzqhzm vhd Rsdhmd unm cdm Ztfdm: Mzszkhd gzssd mtq hgqd     
Rneszhq lhs. Mtm gzssdm rhd dhm Oqnakdl. Lzf vzq lzk vhdcdq mhbgs zteytehmcdm, zkrn aqztbgsdm rhd ztbg mhbgs lhs          
Rzhknq-Lzf qdbgmdm. Cnbg rhd gzssdm Fktdbj. Lzf gzssd hl Unqedkc Kdnmr admynr fdfdm Uhzfqz ztrfdsztrbgs tl hgm rn qhbgshf 
GZQS yt oqzmjdm. Ctqbg chd qhdrhfd unm hgl jnmrtlhdqsd Ldmfd zm Uhzfqz adjzl Kdnm dhmd qhdrdm ldfz gdeshfd gxodq          
tdadqsqhdadm edssd Dqdjshnm, vdkbgd chd Enql dhmdr Rbgvdqsdr gzssd. Czctqbg gzssdm rhd mtm dmckhbg dhmd Vzeed fdfdm cdm   
Zqzadq. Kdnm cqdgsd rhbg tmc rszbg cdm Zqzadq, jtqy adunq dq chd Gdkcdm dqqdhbgsd za. Rnlhs gzssdm rhd czr Ctdkk fdvnmmdm.